# Friending

## Summary 

Friending is an online dating, friendship, and social networking mobile application that features user-created questionnaires. Friending has two primary features: joining groups to find people similar to you or signing up for events happening in your local area.  Friending is a prototype built with the Proto.io application prototyping tool.

The Friending prototype was built as part of a requirements specification project.  The project focused on the development of a user manual around a fictional matchmaking application called Friending.  The application centered around user-created questionnaires that could be used to find relationship matches.  The user manual was designed with the goal of _deceiving_ the reader into believing that the application existed.  A project vision document and set of user requirements guided the development of scenarios and use cases for the application.   The fully-interactive high-fidelity prototype created for the requirements specification project is provided in this repository, available as a standalone HTML page.

## Manual

The Friending user manual provides info and tips to help you understand the mobile application.  The requirements specification project involved the creation of a user manual for the fictional mobile application Friending.  The Friending prototype is the actualization of a user vision and set of requirements to construct a matchmaking application.  The vision and requirements were used to develop the expected behaviour of the prototype, although not all requirements were actualized into the interactive prototype.  The prototype merely needed to present a faithful representation of the original vision.

## Proto.io

Proto.io is a web service to create fully-interactive high-fidelity prototypes that look and work exactly like your app should. No coding required.  Using Proto.io you can quickly design and prototype design ideas.  As the user manual was built around the fictional mobile application Friending, mockups were necessary to explain the application to the reader.  Proto.io was selected for developing the mockups as they produced realistic mockups for a mobile application.  Interaction was added to produce a fully-interactive prototype, which was useful in validating scenarios and use cases from the user manual.  The visual design of the prototype was guided by the project vision document.

### Generated

The code provided in this repository is generated by Proto.io using the [Export to HTML](https://support.proto.io/hc/en-us/articles/220705787-Sharing-and-Collaboration-Exporting-and-downloading-offline) feature.  Proto.io allows you to export your prototype so that it can be runnable as a standalone HTML page. When exported a zip package containing all necessary files to run and view the prototype is created. The code provided in this repository contains the project data files, and all the assets used in the project.  As each exported prototype uses randomly generated file names for assets, this can mean that the versioning of assets is not always consistent, nor legible.  The interaction code for a prototype is controlled by minimized javascript (`scripts/` & `libraries/`), so it too is not legible.

The exported `index.html` file does not contain the rendered HTML pages of the prototype. The prototype pages are rendered by the Proto.io rendering engine (Javascript) which means that you should not modify any exported HTML code as this may break the presentation and functionality of the prototype.  If you open the `index.html` file, then you will also see the respective prototype’s device skin.  The exported code has been altered slightly to switch the `frame.html` and `index.html` to make use of the device skin wrapper of the prototype.

## Acknowledgements

The project icon is retrieved from [the Noun Project](docs/icon/icon.json). The original source material has been altered for the purposes of the project. The icon is used under the terms of the [Public Domain](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

The project icon is by [Stefan Hartmann from the Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/term/like/201300/).